Fix helm values for demo and uninstall steps (#3396)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/helm/index.md

    {{< /warning >}}

> 1. Verify that all `58` Istio CRDs were committed to the Kubernetes api-server using the following command:

Author: That was the original content. Is that incorrect?

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get crds | grep 'istio.io\|certmanager.k8s.io' | wc -l
    58
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Render and apply Istio's core components. For a production environment use the recommended Helm values or customize as needed:

Author: The recommended helm values come with the istio helm profile, not sure what this comment is about.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm template $HOME/istio-fetch/istio --name istio --namespace istio-system | kubectl apply -f -
    {{< /text >}}

>     {{< tip >}}

Reviewer: Why is this a tip instead of the last step?

Author: Because it is a special case of customization for the bookinfo. It would help for you to run to run the bookinfo app and notice it does not work with the default values. Other people who need to test this would benefit from this PR getting in sooner.

    58
    {{< /text >}}

1. Install the `istio` chart. For a production environment use the recommended Helm values or customize as needed:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm install istio.io/istio --name istio --namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

>     {{< tip >}}

Reviewer: Why is this a tip instead of the last step? Please make both instances into steps to end the procedure for readers with sense of accomplishment.

    To try the `bookinfo` demo, use Helm values customized for the `bookinfo` application:
    {{< /tip >}}

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm install istio --name istio --values install/kubernetes/helm/istio/values-istio-demo.yaml --namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

## Uninstall

> 1. If you installed using Option 1 with `helm template`, uninstall with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you installed Istio with the `helm template`, uninstall with this command:
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. If you installed using Option 2 and `Tiller`, uninstall with these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you installed  Istio using `Tiller`, uninstall with these commands:
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm delete --purge istio
    $ helm delete --purge istio-init
    {{< /text >}}

## Deleting CRDs and Istio Configuration

> {{< tip >}}

Reviewer: Do not add conceptual information to the procedure. Please update the corresponding Concept page instead and link to it.

Istio, by design, expects Istio's Custom Resources contained within CRDs to leak into the
Kubernetes environment. CRDs contain the runtime configuration set by the operator.
Because of this, we consider it better for operators to explicitly delete the runtime
configuration data rather than unexpectedly lose it.
{{< /tip >}}

{{< warning >}}
Deleting CRDs permanently deletes any configuration changes that you have made to Istio.
{{< /warning >}}

> {{< tip >}}

Reviewer: Do not use tips for information needed to understand the instructions. Tips are intended for optional information which would enhance the readers' understanding of the procedure, not the project.

Author: That was the original content, how come it was committed and approved?

Author: Removed the <tip>. For reference, it was introduced in different PR https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/3276/files, submitted by owner and approved by owner. We need clear guidelines and same for everybody.

The `istio-init` chart contains all raw CRDs in the `istio-init/files` directory.  After fetching this
chart, you can simply delete the CRDs using `kubectl`.
{{< /tip >}}

> 1. To permanently delete Istio's CRDs and all Istio configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To permanently delete Istio's CRDs and the entire Istio configuration, run:
```

    58
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Install the `istio` chart. For a production environment use the recommended Helm values or customize as needed:

Reviewer: Please add a link to the section with the recommended values mentioned.

```suggestion
1. Install the `istio` chart. For a production environment use the 
    [recommended Helm values]() or customize as needed:
```

Author: As I mentioned, the recommended values are what we ship with the default helm chart in the line below. Please try to get the bookinfo running and you will understand.
